Add export products section (#137)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/export-products.mdx

---

> title: Exporting Products Information

Reviewer: I think just "Exporting Products" should be fine here:

```suggestion
title: Exporting Products
```

Each line will contain common product fields such as name or description,
and fields specific to given variant:

| id | name         | description                    | variant sku | variant weight |
|----|--------------|--------------------------------|-------------|----------------|
| 61 | Orange Juice | No additives, no preservatives | 12345       | 500 g          |
| 61 | Orange Juice | No additives, no preservatives | 32145       | 1000 g         |
| 61 | Orange Juice | No additives, no preservatives | 45123       | 1500 g         |

The exact shape of the file depends on the fields selected for export
(see the `exportInfo` input fields). If no variant fields are provided,
each row will contain only product fields:

| id  | name         | description                    | category    | product weight |
|-----|--------------|--------------------------------|-------------|----------------|
| 61  | Orange Juice | No additives, no preservatives | juices      | 500 g          |
| 65  | Apple Juice  | No additives, great taste      | juices      | 1000 g         |
| 101 | Polo Shirt   | Nice and comfortable           | polo-shirts | 200 g          |

> ### The charts below explains workflow of the exporting products:

Reviewer: One last suggestion - titles should be concise and rather short, so I would move this sentence to a paragraph and change the title.

```suggestion
### Workflow

The charts below explain the internal workflow of exporting products:
```

---
title: Exporting Products

> sidebar_label: Exporting products

Reviewer 2: This is only required if the sidebar label (what appears in the sidebar) is different from the title (what appears at the top of the page).

## Introduction
This guide describes how to export products from the Saleor GraphQL API.
Exporting products can be useful for creating backups of your data or for easy
and quick bulk editing.

You can export all products, filtered products, or products with specific IDs. 
Products data can be exported to CSV or XLSX file, but CSV file is recommended because
it is much less time-consuming to generate. You can also define which fields will be exported.
If any product variants fields are specified then products and variants data are exported.
Link to download file is sent by email to the requestor. If any error occurs then
email with information about problems is sent.

:::note
When the export is made by the `App` email is not sent. You can get the file by query the
`ExportFile` with ID returned from `exportProducts` mutation.
:::

### Export file structure
Each row in the exported file represents a single product variant, but it also contains
general product fields.
For example, if a product has three variants, there will be three lines in total.
Each line will contain common product fields such as name or description,
and fields specific to given variant:

> | id | name         | description                    | variant sku | variant weight |

Reviewer 2: Are the column titles actually lowercase?

Author: Yes
